Q.5 What is the purpose of the orientation media feature?

Ans. The purpose of the orientation media feature in CSS is to detect and target the orientation of the device's screen. 
It allows you to apply different styles based on whether the device's screen is in portrait or landscape 
orientation. The orientation media feature is particularly useful for creating responsive designs that can adapt to 
different screen orientations.

The orientation media feature can have two possible values:
(1) portrait: This value represents a vertical or upright orientation, where the height of the screen is greater than the width. It is typically associated with devices held in a vertical position, like smartphones or tablets in portrait mode.

(2) landscape: This value represents a horizontal orientation, where the width of the screen is greater than the height. It is associated with devices held in a horizontal position, such as smartphones or tablets in landscape mode, or desktop monitors in a landscape layout.

By using the orientation media feature, you can target specific styles or apply layout adjustments based on the 
screen orientation. For example, you might want to display content in a single-column layout in portrait mode, but 
switch to a multi-column layout in landscape mode to take advantage of the wider screen space.

Here's an example of using the orientation media feature in a media query:
@media screen and (orientation: landscape) {
  /* Styles for landscape orientation */
}

@media screen and (orientation: portrait) {
  /* Styles for portrait orientation */
}


In the example above, different styles can be defined for each screen orientation. When the device is in landscape 
mode, the styles within the first media query will be applied, and when the device is in portrait mode, the styles 
within the second media query will be applied.

By leveraging the orientation media feature, you can create more tailored and optimized designs for different 
screen orientations, providing a better user experience on devices that support changes in orientation.
